Update align in metrics (#529)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/metrics/query-metrics.mdx

For example, to calculate the average over 5-minute time windows, use `align to 5m using avg`. To count the data points in the last hour, use `align to 1h using count`.

> When metrics emit data at regular intervals but with different offsets across time series, `align` maps your data to a fixed set of time intervals. This ensures data from different sources is easy to visualize on a single chart. Gaps appear when the alignment interval is shorter than the emission interval. Query over a longer time range or use a longer alignment interval to reduce gaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When metrics emit data at regular intervals but with different offsets across time series, `align` maps your data to a fixed set of time intervals. This ensures data from different sources is easy to visualize on a single chart. Null values are returned for intervals where no data points were found, for example if the alignment interval is shorter than the emission interval. By default, non-null values are joined in the resulting chart. You can modify how null values are treated using the chart options menu.
```
